## CamPDF 

This is a simple app with a simple functionality, scan and parse your documents to PDF, 
using your phone camera.

## Why?

There are a lot of apps which do the job, but... have you take a look in his code?

You should think you probably are scanning personal information with this kind of apps, and 
you have no control over your information. This is a mistake. Be worried about it.

CamPDF offer you an easy and lightweight way to scan your documents keeping your privacy safe.

## Features

- Includes OpenCV to recognize your documents, make a photo and this app will choose what area is 
interesting to be added for your documents, but always if you prefer, you can choose the area to scan.
- High quality in your scans, other free alternatives put watermarks and low quality in your documents.
- Your camera resolution is the limit, it's a mobile native application and use his hardware.
- You're able to share your PDF with a simple swipe, and get it in downloads folder if you prefer.
- Currently in an open development version state. Feel free to enjoy with the process ;).
- Using the last Android Security features, but completely compatible with older mobiles (Android 7).

## License

CamPDF is opensource and free software, in all revisions. It's coded by @bitstuffing with love  
and licensed under [Creative Commons — Attribution 4.0 International — CC BY 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode). 
The same situation happens with all icons or related code included by the author, so in a summary, 
you're not authorized to use any code or any fragment of this repository, or the final application 
in commercial environments without explicit authorization of the author.

### Library, OpenCV and binaries

OpenCV is used in this development, and all models or libraries related to OpenCV are 
licensed under License Agreement For Open Source Computer Vision Library. 

Also take a look to [OpenCV license from 3-clause BSD to Apache 2 is explained here](https://opencv.org/license/) 
if you want to know about OpenCV license agreement.

Gradle binaries and scripts are included in all Android projects generated by Android Studio,
and are licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

The library has been adapted to get it working on Android devices. 
Fell free to learn and use it, but always respecting the opensource and free software.